How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Does compare of the files content directly, so I don't have to

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Check for when a bug was introduced...

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Having to remember vs not having a consistent/complete version each time.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Depends on the intention - programming uses multiple files which have to be in
	sync for a working program.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Dunno, not seen this yet...

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    'Cos you can always go back a step, it's safe to experiment

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Nanodegree

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    Seeing when and where a fault may have been introduced
    Better understand the purpose of the solution by understanding how it has evolved

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    Manual commit allows the programmer to ensure that the change is complete and the code has meaningful function
    Downside is that programmers can easily forget or run over into multiple independent changes before making a commit

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Purpose - Git is designed for the needs of source code, multiple files.  Google Docs is for office docs, which tend to be self-contained.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log
    git diff A B
    git diff --stat A B

    All of which is pretty painful stuff...

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Can always go back to a previous working version and undo changes

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Getting ready for the Nanodegree course...


